ChangeLog grooming for 1.7.0 (#3447)
Azure/communication-ui-library: packages/communication-react/CHANGELOG.stable.md

Mon, 14 Aug 2023 18:28:26 GMT 
[Compare changes](https://github.com/azure/communication-ui-library/compare/@azure/communication-react_v1.7.0-beta.1...@azure/communication-react_v1.7.0)

### Improvements
- Update signaling sdk to 1.0.0-beta19 ([PR #3414](https://github.com/azure/communication-ui-library/pull/3414) by joshlai@microsoft.com)
- Expose aria-labelledby prop for participantItems ([PR #3218](https://github.com/azure/communication-ui-library/pull/3218) by edwardlee@microsoft.com)
- Ensure chat client state changes are true changes ([PR #3317](https://github.com/azure/communication-ui-library/pull/3317) by 3941071+emlynmac@users.noreply.github.com)
- Bump @azure/communication-* SDKs ([PR #3355](https://github.com/azure/communication-ui-library/pull/3355) by 2684369+JamesBurnside@users.noreply.github.com)
- Update micPrimaryActionSplitButtonTitle to microphonePrimaryActionSplitButtonTitle ([PR #3214](https://github.com/azure/communication-ui-library/pull/3214) by 2684369+JamesBurnside@users.noreply.github.com)

> - Introduce new handler for disposing screen share for remote particapants, stops flash when navigating overflow galleries ([PR #3202](https://github.com/azure/communication-ui-library/pull/3202) by 94866715+dmceachernmsft@users.noreply.github.com)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Introduce new handler for disposing screen share for remote participants to stop flash when navigating through overflow galleries ([PR #3202](https://github.com/azure/communication-ui-library/pull/3202) by 94866715+dmceachernmsft@users.noreply.github.com)
```

- Improve Czech translated strings ([PR #3367](https://github.com/azure/communication-ui-library/pull/3367) by 79475487+mgamis-msft@users.noreply.github.com)
- Fix PIPIP on people view to be draggable across the whole screen ([PR #3204](https://github.com/azure/communication-ui-library/pull/3204) by alkwa@microsoft.com)
- Introduce total participant counts to participant list and people pane in composites ([PR #2911](https://github.com/azure/communication-ui-library/pull/2911) by 94866715+dmceachernmsft@users.noreply.github.com)
- Merge startScreenShareGeneric and startScreenSharingGeneric strings ([PR #3198](https://github.com/azure/communication-ui-library/pull/3198) by 2684369+JamesBurnside@users.noreply.github.com)
- Update control bar ui ([PR #3254](https://github.com/azure/communication-ui-library/pull/3254) by carolinecao@microsoft.com)
- Enable Node 18 support ([PR #3229](https://github.com/azure/communication-ui-library/pull/3229) by 3941071+emlynmac@users.noreply.github.com)
- New adapter API joinCallWithOptions to allow start with video and mic ([PR #3319](https://github.com/azure/communication-ui-library/pull/3319) by carolinecao@microsoft.com)

> - Hoist error tracking to composite level to allow tracking to be shared across components. This fixes an issue where errors would reappear after being dismissed. ([PR #3286](https://github.com/azure/communication-ui-library/pull/3286) by 2684369+JamesBurnside@users.noreply.github.com)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Hoist error tracking to composite level to allow tracking to be shared across components. This fixes an issue where errors would reappear after being dismissed ([PR #3286](https://github.com/azure/communication-ui-library/pull/3286) by 2684369+JamesBurnside@users.noreply.github.com)
```

### Bug Fixes

> - Fix issue where when local participant stops screen share their local stream would disappear but still be showing to others in the call ([PR #3419](https://github.com/azure/communication-ui-library/pull/3419) by 94866715+dmceachernmsft@users.noreply.github.com)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix an issue where local participant stops screen share and their local stream disappears but it is still showing to others in the call ([PR #3419](https://github.com/azure/communication-ui-library/pull/3419) by 94866715+dmceachernmsft@users.noreply.github.com)
```

> - Resolve issue where chat keyboard would dismiss randomly during interop meetings. ([PR #3421](https://github.com/azure/communication-ui-library/pull/3421) by 73612854+palatter@users.noreply.github.com)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Resolve issue where chat keyboard would dismiss randomly during interop meetings ([PR #3421](https://github.com/azure/communication-ui-library/pull/3421) by 73612854+palatter@users.noreply.github.com)
```

- Fix message type being hard coded in sending state ([PR #3442](https://github.com/azure/communication-ui-library/pull/3442) by 109105353+jpeng-ms@users.noreply.github.com)
- Fix participant count when you are alone in a call ([PR #3432](https://github.com/azure/communication-ui-library/pull/3432) by 94866715+dmceachernmsft@users.noreply.github.com)
- Fix accessibility bug where participant items are missing aria parent ([PR #3412](https://github.com/azure/communication-ui-library/pull/3412) by carolinecao@microsoft.com)

> - Fix side pane to refocus the people button when user closes the people pane with keyboard. ([PR #3403](https://github.com/azure/communication-ui-library/pull/3403) by 94866715+dmceachernmsft@users.noreply.github.com)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix side pane to refocus the people button when user closes the people pane with keyboard ([PR #3403](https://github.com/azure/communication-ui-library/pull/3403) by 94866715+dmceachernmsft@users.noreply.github.com)
```

- Fix speaker icon in contextual menu of microphone and devices button ([PR #3294](https://github.com/azure/communication-ui-library/pull/3294) by miguelgamis@microsoft.com)
- Fix adapter error on mobile querying speakers when speakers are not available ([PR #3331](https://github.com/azure/communication-ui-library/pull/3331) by carolinecao@microsoft.com)

> - Extend touchable/clickable area of button to full height of send box. ([PR #3185](https://github.com/azure/communication-ui-library/pull/3185) by longamy@microsoft.com)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Extend touchable/clickable area of button to full height of send box ([PR #3185](https://github.com/azure/communication-ui-library/pull/3185) by longamy@microsoft.com)
```
